#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.2.7
    # via django
bleach==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bunnyapi==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bunnycdn-storage==0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2020.6.20
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.4
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via rq
django==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-cacheops
    #   django-qsessions
    #   django-ranged-response
    #   django-rq
    #   django-simple-captcha
    #   djangorestframework
django-activity-stream==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-imagekit
django-cacheops==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-colorfield==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-compressor==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-compressor-autoprefixer
    #   django-libsass
django-compressor-autoprefixer==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-imagekit==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ipware==3.0.2
    # via django-qsessions
django-libsass==0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-qsessions==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ranged-response==0.2.0
    # via django-simple-captcha
django-rq==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-simple-captcha==0.5.14
    # via -r requirements.in
django-waffle==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fixedint==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
funcy==1.14
    # via django-cacheops
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.9
    # via requests
libsass==0.20.0
    # via django-libsass
packaging==20.4
    # via bleach
pilkit==2.0
    # via django-imagekit
pillow==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-simple-captcha
psutil==5.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
python-dotenv==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-magic==0.4.18
    # via -r requirements.in
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2020.1
    # via django
rcssmin==1.0.6
    # via django-compressor
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   django-cacheops
    #   django-rq
    #   rq
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bunnyapi
    #   bunnycdn-storage
rjsmin==1.1.0
    # via django-compressor
rq==1.4.2
    # via django-rq
shutilwhich==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   django-cacheops
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-imagekit
    #   django-simple-captcha
    #   libsass
    #   packaging
    #   python-memcached
sqlparse==0.3.1
    # via django
ua-parser==0.10.0
    # via user-agents
urllib3==1.25.9
    # via requests
user-agents==2.2.0
    # via django-qsessions
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
wheel==0.34.2
    # via -r requirements.in
whitenoise==5.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
