#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_dev.in
#
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
autopep8==1.6.0
    # via django-silk
bleach==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
bunnyapi==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
bunnycdn-storage==0.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   rq
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   redis
django==3.2.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-cacheops
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-qsessions
    #   django-ranged-response
    #   django-rq
    #   django-silk
    #   django-simple-captcha
    #   djangorestframework
django-activity-stream==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-imagekit
django-cacheops==6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-colorfield==0.6.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-compressor==3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-compressor-autoprefixer
    #   django-libsass
django-compressor-autoprefixer==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.4
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
django-imagekit==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-ipware==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-qsessions
django-libsass==0.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-qsessions==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-ranged-response==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-simple-captcha
django-rq==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-silk==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
django-simple-captcha==0.5.14
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-waffle==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
fixedint==0.1.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
funcy==1.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-cacheops
gprof2dot==2021.2.21
    # via django-silk
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via django-silk
libsass==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-libsass
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   redis
pilkit==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-imagekit
pillow==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-colorfield
    #   django-simple-captcha
psutil==5.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
psycopg2-binary==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via autopep8
pygments==2.11.2
    # via django-silk
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via django-silk
python-dotenv==0.19.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-magic==0.4.25
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-silk
    #   djangorestframework
rcssmin==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-compressor
redis==4.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-cacheops
    #   django-rq
    #   rq
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bunnyapi
    #   bunnycdn-storage
    #   django-silk
rjsmin==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-compressor
rq==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rq
shutilwhich==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   django-cacheops
    #   django-imagekit
    #   libsass
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-silk
toml==0.10.2
    # via autopep8
ua-parser==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   user-agents
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
user-agents==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-qsessions
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
wheel==0.37.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
whitenoise==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deprecated

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
